Who created the heavens and earth?
Who was moving over the water?
Who said, “Let there be light”?
Who saw that the light was good?
Who called the light "day" and the darkness "night"?
Who said, "Let there be an expanse in the midst of the waters and let it separate water from water?"
Who made the expanse?
Who called the expanse "sky"?
Who said, "Let the water under the sky be gathered to one place and let dry ground appear?"
Who saw that the dry ground was good?
Who saw that the land was good?
Who said, “Let there be lights in the expanse of the sky to separate the day from the night, and let them be signs to indicate seasons and days and years, ”?
Who made the stars?
Who placed the lights in the sky to shine on the earth?
Who saw that it was good?
Who said, "Let the water swarm with swarms of living creatures and let birds fly above the earth?"
Who created the sea creatures?
Who blessed the people?
Who said, "Let the land produce living creatures according to their kinds"?
Who made the animals according to their kind?
Who said, “Let us make humankind in our image, after our likeness?”
Who created humankind in his own image?
Who blessed the people of Israel?
Who said, "I now give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the entire earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it?"
Who saw all that he had made?
Who finished the work that he had been doing?
Who blessed the seventh day?
Who formed the man from the soil of the ground?
Where was the orchard planted?
Who planted an orchard in the east?
Who made all kinds of trees grow from the soil?
Where does the river flow to water the orchard?
What country does the Tigris run along?
Who took the man and placed him in the orchard?
Who commanded the man to eat fruit from every tree of the orchard?
Who said, “I will make a companion for him who corresponds to him”?
Who formed out of the ground every living animal of the field and every bird of the air?
Who caused the man to fall into a deep sleep?
Who brought the woman to the man?
Who knows that when you eat from it your eyes will open and you will be like divine beings who know good and evil?
Who did the man and his wife hide from?
Who called to the man and said, “Where are you?”
Who said to Adam, "You must not eat from the tree about which I commanded you?"
Who made clothes for Adam and his wife?
Who expelled him from the orchard?
Where was the orchard that he was taken from?
What did Eve give birth to?
Who was the wife of the man?
Who took care of the flocks?
Who brought some of the fruit of the ground for an offering to the Lord?
Who brought some of the firstborn of his flock?
Who was angry when the Lord said, "Why is your expression downcast?"
Who did Cain kill while he was in the field?
Who was Cain's brother?
Who said to the Lord, “My punishment is too great to endure!
Who was avenged seven times as much if anyone killed him?
Who went out from the presence of the Lord and lived in the land of Nod?
Where was Cain located?
What was the name of Cain's son?
Who named the city after his son?
Who was the father of Methushael?
Methushael was the father of whom?
Who took two wives for himself?
What was the name of the first wife?
Who was the first person to live in tents?
What was the name of his brother?
Who was Tubal-Cain's sister?
Who said to his wives, “Adah and Zillah! Listen to me!
Who had marital relations with his wife?
What was the name of Adam's son?
Who was the father of Enosh?
What was the name of the son that Seth gave birth to?
Who created humankind in the likeness of?
Who was the father of Seth?
What was the name of Adam's son?
Who was Adam's father?
Who was the father of Enosh?
Who was the father of Enosh?
Who lived 912 years?
What was the name of Enosh's son?
Who was the father of Kenan?
What was the name of Enosh's son?
Who was the father of Kenan?
Who did Kenan become the father of?
Who did Kenan become the father of?
Who lived for 910 years?
Who became the father of Jared?
What was the name of the son of Mahalalel?
What was the name of the son that Mahalalel had?
Who was the father of Jared?
What was the name of the son of Jared?
Who was the father of Enoch?
What was the name of the son Jared had?
Who was the father of Enoch?
Who died in 962 years?
Who was the father of Methuselah?
Who was the father of Methuselah?
What was the name of the king who lived for 365 years?
Who took Enoch away?
Who did Methuselah become the father of?
Methuselah became the father of whom?
Who had a son?
Who was Noah's father?
Along with Shem and Japheth, who was Noah's father?
Who was the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth?
Whose sons saw that humankind's daughters were beautiful?
Who found favor in the sight of the Lord?
Who did Noah walk with?
Who had three sons?
Who destroyed the earth?
Who saw the earth?
Who did God say to?
Who did God tell him to do?
Who did the Lord say to come into the ark?
Who did the Lord command?
Who was 600 years old when the floodwaters engulfed the earth?
Who commanded Noah to enter the ark?
Who was the first person to die in the six hundredth year of his life?
Who entered the ark with his three sons?
Along with Shem and Japheth, what was the name of the other son of Noah?
Who commanded the male and female to enter?
Who survived the destruction of the earth?
Who remembered Noah and all the animals and wild animals that were with him in the ark?
Who opened the window in the ark?
Who knew that the waters had receded from the earth?
Who removed the cover from the ark?
Who did God say, 'I'm going to die for you'?
Who went out with his sons, his wife, and his sons’ wives?
Who built an altar to the Lord?
Who blessed Noah and his sons?
Who created humankind?
Who is the perpetual covenant between all living creatures of all kinds that are on the earth?
Who did God say to God?
Who was the father of Canaan?
What was the name of the son of Noah?
Who began to plant a vineyard?
Who was the father of Canaan?
What was the name of the land that was ruled by the Lord?
Who was the slave of Shem?
Who is Japheth’s slave?
Who lived 350 years after the flood?
Who lived 950 years?
Along with Shem and Japheth, what was the name of the other son of Noah?
What was the name of the son of Japheth?
Who was the father of Askenaz?
What was the name of the son of Ham?
Who was the father of Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan?
Who was the son of Raamah?
Along with Babel, Akkad, and Calneh, what was the primary region of the kingdom of King Solomon?
Where was Calneh located?
Where did he build Nineveh, Rehoboth-Ir, Calah, and other cities?
What was the name of the city that he built?
What is the name of the city between Nineveh and Calah?
What were the families of the Canaanites?
What region extended from Sidon to Gerar?
Where did the borders of Canaan extend to?
Along with Sodom, Admah, and Zeboiim, what city was on the borders of Canaan?
From what city did the borders of Canaan extend from?
Who was the father of Uz, Hul, Gether, and Mash?
What was the name of the other son of Eber?
Who was Joktan's father?
What was the name of Joktan's son?
What is the name of the Egyptian god?
Who is Obal?
Along with Havilah and Jobab, who was the son of Joktan?
Where was the dwelling place from?
Where did the people settle?
What was the name of the city that confused the language of the world?
Who was the father of Arphaxad?
Who was the father of Arphaxad?
Who did Arphaxad become the father of?
Who did Shelah become the father of?
Who did Shelah become the father of?
Who was the father of Peleg?
Who was the father of Peleg?
Who did Peleg become the father of?
Who did Peleg become the father of?
Who was the father of Serug?
Who did Serug become the father of?
Who did Serug become the father of?
Who was the father of Terah?
What was Nahor's son's name?
Who was the father of Terah?
What was Nahor's first child?
Along with Abram, Haran, and Abram, who was Terah's father?
Who was the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran?
What was the name of the son of Terah?
Who was the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran?
Along with Abram, Haran, and what other person did Terah become the father of?
Where did Haran die?
Who was Haran's father?
Who was Milcah's father?
What was Abram's wife's name?
Who was barren?
Who took his son Abram?
Where did Terah go with his family?
Who was born in Haran?
Where did Terah die?
Who did the Lord say to?
Where did Abram leave?
Who left Haran?
Where did Abram and his family live?
Who was Abram's wife?
Where did Abram travel to?
Who traveled through the land as far as the oak tree of Moreh at Shechem?
Who built an altar to the Lord?
Who traveled by stages down to the Negev?
Who went down to Egypt to stay?
Where did Abram go to stay?
Where did he say to his wife Sarai?
Who was his wife?
Who will kill you?
Who saw Abram's woman as beautiful?
Where did Abram enter?
Who was Abram's wife?
Who did he treat well on account of her?
Whose wife was Sarai?
Who was Abram's wife?
Along with his wife and possessions, what did Abram take with him?
Who went up from Egypt into the Negev?
Where did Abram go from?
Who was wealthy in livestock, silver, and gold?
Where did he end up?
Who worshiped the Lord at the altar?
Lot was traveling with whom?
Who had flocks, herds, and tents?
Who did Abram tell?
What land did Lot see in the Jordan?
Who saw the whole region of the Jordan?
Who chose the whole region of Jordan?
Who settled in Canaan?
Where did Abram settle?
Who did the Lord say to after Lot had left?
Who moved his tents to live by the oaks of Mamre?
What city was Birsha king of?
What is the Valley of Siddim?
Where were the Zuzites?
Where is the Horites' hill country?
What is another name for En Mishpat?
Where were the Amorites living?
What was the name of the king of?
Who was the king of?
Where did they meet?
What was Kedorlaomer king of?
Along with Gomorrah, what king fled the valley of Siddim?
Along with Gomorrah, what city did the kings take possession of?
Where was Lot living when Abram and his family left?
Who was Abram's nephew?
What language did the fugitive tell Abram?
Who mobilized his men when he heard that his nephew had been taken captive?
Where did Abram chase his forces to?
What city is Hobah north of?
Who was the nephew of the thief?
Where did Abram meet the king of Sodom?
What is the Valley of Shaveh also known as?
What city was Melchizedek king of?
Who was the king of Salem?
Who did the king of Sodom say to?
Who said to the king of Sodom, “I raise my hand to the Lord, the Most High God, Creator of heaven and earth?
Who was the only one who went with me?
Who was the first person to hear the word of the Lord?
Who is my heir?
Where is Eliezer from?
Where did the Chaldeans come from?
Who drove the birds away?
Who fell asleep when the sun went down?
Who did the Lord tell?
What country did Abram live in?
What is another name for Perizzites?
What nationality was Hagar?
Who was Sarai's husband?
Who did Sarai tell?
Who was the wife of Sarai?
What nationality was Hagar?
Where did Abram live for ten years?
Who did Hagar despised?
Who said to Abram, “You have brought this wrong on me!
Who ran away from Sarai?
Who was the servant of Sarai?
Beer Lahai Roi is located between Kadesh and what other city?
Who gave birth to Abram's son?
Whose son did Hagar give birth to?
What was the name of Abram's son?
Who was 86 when Hagar gave birth to Ishmael?
Who was 99 years old when the Lord appeared to him?
Who bowed down with his face to the ground?
What will your name be?
Who said to Abraham, "As for you, you must keep the covenantal requirement I am imposing on you and your descendants after you throughout their generations?"
Who said to Abraham, “As for your wife, you must not longer call her Sarai?
What was the name of Abraham's wife?
Who laughed as he said, “Can a son be born to a man who is a hundred years old?
Who did Abraham say to?
What name will Sarah's wife give to her son?
Who is going to bear you a son?
Who will become the father of twelve princes?
Whom will Sarah bear to you at this time next year?
Who did God go up from?
Who told Abraham to circumcise his sons?
What was the name of Abraham's son?
Who was circumcised?
